
# TMN API Documentation

Thanks for using the TranslateMe Network translation (TMN) APIs. Currently TMN APIs support 10 languages.

API is available at: https://api.translateme.network
(Use this above address as baseUrl).

## Endpoints

### 1. User Registration
#### POST /register


This API will allow new users to register. Along with the endpoint, user details need to be sent with request as body.

#### Request Body Schema: application/json

* name : String ->Company Name
* email : String -> Company mail ID 
* Password : String -> Your password

Example

```
{
 "name": "TMN Support",
 "email": "support@translateme.network",
 "password": "Your Password"
}
```

### 2. User Login:
#### POST/ login

Once you login through your password, API will return a Bearer token, that further will be used for authentication for translation requests. This token is valid for 30 days.

#### Request Body Schema: application/x-www-form-urlencoded


Example:
```
username: String -> email ID of company
password: String -> Your Password
```


### 3. Language Translation:
#### POST /translate
This endpoint will take input text, input language and output language and further will return translated text in output language. Along with the request, following details need to be sent as body with API request.

* input_text: String -> Text needs to be translated (required)
* input_language: String -> Input language code (optional)
* output_language: String -> output language code (required)

#### Authorizations: OAuth2PasswordBearer
#### Request Body Schema: application/json

Example: 

```
POST /translate
Authorization: Bearer <Your token>

{
 "input_text": "Test for TMN APIs",
 "input_language": "en",
 "output_language": "fr"
}
```
#### Few Points:
1. Please use language codes as string as input_language and output_language. 
2. List of supported languages and their code is mentioned below.
input_lnaguage in body is optional parameter, if you don’t send input_language, 
TMN autodetection model will detect the language and further process the request. Our autodetection model is in beta stage, we highly recommend you to send input_langauge.


### 4. POST/ suggestion
This endpoint will be used to collect correct sentences from the user, which was translated wrong from the machine models. Along with the request, following details need to be sent as body with API request.

* tramslation_id -> Integer: Translation ID generated by translate API endpoint for which user wants to submit a suggestion.
* suggestion_tesxt: String: Correct translation of sentence according to user.

#### Authorizations: OAuth2PasswordBearer
#### Request Body Schema: application/json

Example:
```
POST /suggestion
Authorization: Bearer <Your token>

{
 "translation_id": 28,
 "suggested_text": "This is a test."
}
```

### Language Supports (Language - Language Code)
```
1. English - en 
2. French - fr 
3. German - de
4. Russian - ru 
5. Spanish - es 
6. Portuguese - pt 
7. Zulu - zu
8. Dutch - nl 
9. Italian - it 
10. Indonesian - id 
11. Japanese - ja
12. Chinese - zh
13. Korean - ko
14. Hindi - hi
15. Arabic - ar
16. Afrikaans - af
17. Ukrainian - uk
18. Turkish - tr
19. Azerbaijani - az
20. Czech - cs 
21. Danish - da
22. Finnish - fi
23. Greek - el
24. Esperanto - eo
25. Hungarian - hu
26. Irish - ga
27. Persian - fa
28. Slovik - sk
29. Czech - cs
30. Danish - da
31. Polish - pl
32. Swedish - sv
33. Thai - th
34. Catalan - ca


```
